{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18960\viewh24000\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Comments\
\
Change in sec I\
\
Rephrased the sentence about SKA (from the comment of referee B)\
\
Changes in sec II\
\
I have changed figure 1 slightly. The black arrows representing he velocities of the particles are removed as it may imply that the particles have those velocities to before the shell crosses. They can be added again if required.\
 \
Explained the fact the spacetime is governed by the SN progenitor star and we assume that it is not rotating very rapidly so the surrounding spacetime is well approximated to be given by the Schwarschid metric. \
\
Elaborated the change in metric after the star explodes and sends out a shell of neutrinos. \
\
Explained that the time component in both metrics is different but the radial component is the same since the radius represents the physical radius of a surface area covered by the shell. \
\
Added a footnote to further specify that the reason we choose the form of the geodesics given in the paper is that the radial component must be the same in both metrics and this enforces what form the time component must have. \
\
Explained a little more about where the zeroth IJC comes from and cited our previous paper.\
\
Not sure if I should explicitly put in Eqs (2) and (3) into the IJC and show how we arrive at $\\zeta^(f)_\\mu$. \
\
Suggested changes in sec I\
\
Lets try to elaborate on the fact that the memory effect we describe comes from a change in the geometry before and after the SN and emphasize the fact that there is no interaction between the neutrino shell and the interferometer points. \
\
We could also comment on Epstein\'92s 1978 paper saying that the effect described there is different - in particular that effect only takes place when there is a breaking of spherical symmetry whereas ours is not (perhaps we can just mention this in the line where we already say \'93
\f1\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The conventional gravitational memory effect needs a physical event that significantly breaks spherical symmetry to be detectable whereas our effect does not and therefore it can occur more generally.
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \'93)\
\
Change in structure - I am wondering whether we can combine sections II and III by just adding a paragraph about the magnitude of our effect in space based interferometers and then starting a new section that describes the scintellometry effect. I realize this may make the paper quite short. Maybe we can discuss the noise in the scintillometry in more depth to make it longer? Not sure what the best way of re-organizing it is at the moment. \
\
}